chore(button group): add style documentation (#752)
vmware-clarity/ng-clarity: projects/angular/src/button/button-group/STYLE.md

# Button group

## Class names

| Class name            | Description                                                    |
| --------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| btn-group             | Button group element class.                                    |
| btn-group-overflow    | Overflow class for button group element.                       |

> | btn-icon-link         | Used to indicate button icon links in button group.            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| btn-link | Used with `btn-group`  for flat buttons group.            |
| btn-icon-link | Used with `btn-group` and `btn-link`  for flat icon buttons group.            |
```

Author: corrected in commit 80f0422

> | clr-icon-title        | Used to indicate button icon title in button group.            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| clr-icon-title        | A11y class to add text for a button with icon only so it can be read from screen reader.            |
```

Author: corrected in commit 80f0422

> | clr-button-group-menu | Internal class for opening the dropdown menu for button group. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| clr-button-group-menu | Internal class for button group menu content |
```

Author: corrected in commit 80f0422
